In this weeks Gantt chart we have added jobs for people. In the past week Satya and Claudia have worked a lot with the code 
and database with getting it connected and working accordingly. Satya has worked really hard to get the database where it is 
now and has gotten it functionable for the demo. Futhermore, as that has been getting wrapped up we are realizing other things
to work on. Next is getting Stripe connecting and doing the invoices. Natalie has been doing research on it, but has realized 
we need to meet with our user to talk about connecting it to his specific Stripe account with the school. This will not be ready
for demo and is our last big thing to implement. Furthermore, we realized we need to establish conflict checking for the ice 
slot requesting to make our user's job easier and so Emma is working on getting that sorted out. Since we are a little ahead we
figured we could try to find a way to connect the events people make to their own google calender, so Bhawana is researching on
possibly connecting a Google API. Satya and Claudia are continuing to make final touches on the database and it all working 
accordinally. Overall, are in a great spot to demo for the 22nd. We also entended out some deadlines to match with the final
deliverable being due the 3rd of May.

Risks
The database is not nearly as big of a risk as it was last week. We have had substantial process in it being connected and 
working. The only problem we are having is getting to code to work on everybody else's laptops along with Satya's. At our next
meeting we will figure out what is happening there. Overall, the database is not as much of a risk as it was but we still need
to figure out picky details. The biggest risk right now is getting the Stripe payment system connected. We are still trying to
figure out how to connect it and get it invoicing. We are hoping our next meeting with Logan will give us some clarity on Stripe.
In where we are with the project, we believe we are right on time with finishing. We do not believe we are running behind at all. We looked at our user requirements and we are closely aligned with Iteration 2 of a MVP for this project for the demo on the 22nd. We are hoping to go as far as getting the payment stuff connected with Stripe by the final deliverable on May 3rd.

